listen continuing the Sundance twenty20
coverage are some of the best horrors we
caught at Sundance the film festival
like many others has an entire category
dedicated to them usually called
midnight TIFF adds the word madness
Austin boasts about them as their
headliners and the Oscar is like they
pretend they don't exist but I think
we're about to have a great year in
horror let me explain all of the women
in the film are named after my mom and
her sisters I feel like I owe a debt of
gratitude to black women and I didn't
really want to oral eyes getting a weave
or not I wanted to sort of make us
something about like the system this
sort of gives people just one or two
choices in order to move ahead so bad
hair is Justin simians new movie that
takes place in 1989 within the world of
music television and it involves a
haunted we lose a bloodthirsty and I
really do like simians previous work he
premiered dear white people at Sundance
a couple years back but I prefer the
series version that's on Netflix and I
really do like the new movie at least
the first death there's been a great
shift recently with the attention
certain stories are getting from hair
love winning the Oscar to your hiring
talent that knows how to manage people's
hairs who don't go to great clips so
let's movie may go places why people are
also split on it
I love the lore that was set up in the
first half that actually made me
invested into the supernatural elements
with the way that they set up the
history to it because many times you
watch or moving you're like you if you
don't buy the supernatural world then
what's the point and this one did a good
job at the beginning and then in the
second half it kind of fizzles out the
early critique on the entertainment
industry and how they manipulate culture
into becoming a cult kind of fizzles out
with the affirmation again in the
second half and there are a lot of good
critiques from both sides that I'll link
down below daddy's got to mention why is
this man score getting counted twice on
Rotten Tomatoes uh hell L Lorraine is
great in the lead I had seen her in a
couple episodes of insecure and I'm
hoping this lands her a lot more roles
but the whole cast is pretty stacked the
sound effects are insane and it's shot
on film with Justin going about getting
as many practical effects as possible
it's clearly based on Korean body horror
and that serves a huge influence along
with all the diopter shots the zoom ins
though the whole thing is very 80s like
this man wants you to feel like you just
found this VHS that was lost
and while I think he achieves that
majestically many times it is 20/20 and
I think putting a little bit more money
into the effects in the second half will
make them a little bit more iconic
because you'd be future proofing I just
don't want the movie to age on arrival
it has been picked up by Hulu and
hopefully they pick up some of Justin's
other folklore ideas that he has he's
mentioned them in the Q&A s where at
least you know at the very least let him
do a good episode of into the dark
possessor was in the world cinema
category since it's a Canadian British
film but really could have fit in with
the Midnight's it's a new body horror
film from Brandon Cronenberg son of
David Cronenberg who previously did
antiviral in a tiff short that was kind
of similar pretty much we follow Andrea
RZA Burroughs character who's an
assassin for this corporation who uses
his brain tech to help her possess other
people's bodies and then kills through
them but dead she ends up in Christopher
Abbott's body knees I'll hold up who's
there the story definitely drew me in
and I wasn't disappointed by it I
personally think there's enough there to
catch on a rewatch but they definitely
were more excited about the practical
effects this image right here along with
a lot of the other prosthetics were made
out of waxes and materials to help it
melt in front of the camera with as
minimal CG as possible they even did all
of the flares on set which is the only
thing I that I might say is yeah they
were excited to do this but a lot of
people may just think it's just flashing
lights up on the screen and be bored
Brendan also argued that the violence
that they show in the movie because they
go above and beyond is integral to the
story and that's why you know they did
it that doesn't mean it's gonna
necessarily be everybody's cup of tea so
there is that warning but I enjoyed it I
liked the premise and I think a lot more
can be done within this world I love the
idea and especially with the ending I
think it makes it worth the watch and
definitely can spark a fun discussion
after the movie if it gets a big enough
distribution relic on the other hand is
produced by Jake Gyllenhaal and the
Russo brothers so this will definitely
get a release it's the first time
feature from writer director Natalie
Erica James following three generation
of women a grandma a mom and a daughter
who are haunted by a manifestation of
dementia and this bad boy is such a slow
burn but I love the ending the
production design is great the stunting
goes all out but I'm really curious to
rewatch it mainly for the sound you know
sometimes you get put into a theater
with the surround sound just
it really isn't there compared to other
theaters and considering that with
especially the person who gets
hired to mix the audio and you know for
the skill set all of that is just gone I
definitely want to revisit it for that
but if anything the biggest criticism I
have for the movie is the all is lost
effect and by that I mean it's very
personal if you've seen a lot of movies
where someone is stranded out at sea
that doesn't make all his loss a bad
movie you just know the points this is
kind of like the haunted house story
where they're always looking for the
grandma and for the first hour and a
half the scenes well I'm not saying that
they're bad it is a lot of grandma is
that grandma is that you great and it
never is it's just that over and over
until you get to the ending again not
taken away from the little nuances that
are there but our group did come out
split with the build up but I think we
all really really liked the ending I'm
trying not to say anything about it I'm
just curious to see how people embrace
it I mean the film is really about how
there are more horrific things in life
than death and the feeling of becoming a
stranger to someone who brought you into
the world those are
thank you guys for checking out this
video just some quick round ups put on
your radar for some of the horror movies
that set out to us there's a bunch of
other ones that are coming out that are
coming from Sundance but are also coming
from South by Southwest a lot of these
are also replaying at South by Southwest
and I'm also very curious to go to
Fantastic Fest this year because I know
that you know Austin just really pushes
horror films and I really think that
this is the year that the Oscars I don't
know I don't know we've talked about
that in the past they really never you
know give shoutouts to horror movies so
I think like the last one was signs the
Lambs but I'm curious to know your
thoughts on this if there's any other
horror movies on your radar that you're
very excited for some of the other stuff
you may have seen up festivals and I
should have my radar anything dealing
with horror movies any thoughts on these
right here definitely me know your
thoughts down below don't forget to
comment like and subscribe or and rail
will possess you